So we're oldest fruit module but there are two methods on the web like the API.
And I want to talk about those two.
They have to do with the extension of objects so with the addition of new methods or with new fields
.
So by default of course you can add new properties to your objects but you can prevent this from happening
Let's check this by printing out hobby's here again and getting rid of this delete operation and off
the resetting of hobby's here.
So if I this of course we see the hobbies.
Now let's see if you want to make sure that no part of our code is able to actually add properties to
our object because for example in our application we're at a point at a certain state where in the past
we wanted to allow this.
So that's why we wrote the code in the first place to find properties but that something happened and
we no longer want to allow it.
So we want to kind of turn a switch and lock the object so that it can longer be extended.
Well it's really simple to do.
We may simply call reflect present extensions and pass the object for which we do want to prevent this
.
What do you think will happen if I now had run I get on the find because the property definition here
now fails because we're preventing it from being extended to this object and that exactly is what this
method is for.
We are locking it because as I explained something might have happened and we no longer want to allow
that.
Therefore we can prevent the object from being extended with that.
Now also in our code you might be in a point where we don't know if we are able to extend the Optik
because we know we wrote the code that this depends on some Abril condition which might be true or false
.
So we want to check if this object is currently locked or not.
So in order to check this we can access the following reflect Meffert.
I'm going to log it out.
Refl. is extensible and then passed you opt to give back.
True or False indicating if while the object is extensible or not and I'm inserting this console lock
before and after locking you object with pre-event extensions.
Now I'm not going to bore you with the question what we'll see in the console but what will we see in
the console.
True False and undefined true here of course comes from this statement where it's still was extensible
because we didn't lock it yet.
Then we lock it.
So the next console lock you're froze faults were Prince outfalls and the undefined comes from the last
console log where we tried to access a property which wasn't added because the object was locked.
So that has been the refl. API.
I hope you were able to see why it makes sense to have this central place for all these object related
methods which allow us to manage our objects to change their behavior depending on the state of our
code.
That's metaprogramming again.
And also how they sometimes duplicate existing efforts.
But it still makes sense to have that A E in essentiable place and be with some extensions in some places
at least.
Now with that I'll have a look at the proxy API in the next lecture.
And there you will see the refl. API again and you will see why it's even greater to have to reflect
the API in the first place.
See you there.